add a sentence about equitable committee (#66)
ITPNYU/ITP-IMA-Community-Guidelines: getting_help.md

## Reach out to ITP / IMA Equitable Faculty Committee

> This committee exists to help maintain a consistent space for ITP to reflect on its mission and values, through the lens of equity.

Author: ```suggestion
The ITP / IMA  Equitable Faculty Committee exists to help maintain a consistent space for ITP to reflect on its mission and values, through the lens of equity.
```
